It is a stance of tall poppy
Gently bend your knees and hold on at chest height with gloves
I will
When I came to the bowl near my body, I'm still an article
In the state
Be able to see straight against Nakagawa ball of blog
I will go to the basic form plate
Passing with both hands is to make the next operation smooth
is
There is a leader who should take it with both hands well
To smooth the next operation to the last
At the same time is the competitive advantage of the globe gap
The ball coming to a place far from the body is full of forward movement
Even with one hand you can catch the ball using
Let's go get it
This is the title
As a common trend
I was in the equipment, etc., and I was not in the state of exposing the glove
There are a lot of people who are worried when the ball comes
Let's wait for the joint in a state that I was firmly angry
When I take the ball, I hit that much ball
I will be able to prove
Even then, the gloves should be thrown from the center of the body.
It is a request that you aim for it and get it
laugh
As a common trend
It is in the state where I looked at the glove without any
There are a lot of people who can care after the ball comes
Let's wait for a riot in a state that is firmly anchored
When you take the ball as possible as possible in front of the joint body
To do
At that time today I will pull in the direction of throwing from the middle of
It will send out if possible